When Chuck Norris recycles paper, it turns back into a tree.
Chuck Norris doesn't need a flashlight, he's just got to open his eyes.
Chuck Norris tells signs what to do.
Chuck Norris brings the milkshakes to the yard.
When Alexander Bell invented the telephone he had 3 missed calls from Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris won American Idol using only sign language
Fear of spiders is aracnaphobia, fear of tight spaces is chlaustraphobia, fear of Chuck Norris is called Logic
Ghosts sit around the campfire and tell Chuck Norris stories.
Chuck Norris doesn't call the wrong number. You answer the wrong phone.
Chuck Norris won the World Series of Poker using Pokemon cards
Chuck Norris can count backwords from infinity.
Once the cop pulled over Chuck Norris....the cop was lucky to leave with a warning.
Chuck Norris doesn't cheat death, he beats it fair and square.
Did you know Chuck Norris had a role in Star Wars......he was the force.
When Chuck Norris pokes you on Facebook you can feel it
There used to be a street named after Chuck Norris, but it was changed because nobody crosses Chuck Norris and lives.
Chuck Norris died 20 years ago, Death just hasn't built up the courage to tell him yet.
Chuck Norris grew a beard at the age of eighteen. Seconds.
When Chuck Norris rides into the sunset, the sun is actually running from him.
Chuck Norris has already been to Mars; that's why there are no signs of life.
Chuck Norris does not have a middle name, nobody gets between Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris has a grizzly bear carpet in his room. The bear isn't dead it is just afriad to move.
Some magicans can walk on water, Chuck Norris can swim through land.
Chuck Norris can cut through a hot knife with butter
Chuck Norris and Superman once fought each other on a bet. The loser had to start wearing his underwear on the outside of his pants.
Few people can go down Niagra Falls in a barrel. Chuck Norris can go up Niagra Falls in a carboard box.
Chuck Norris once urinated in a semi truck's gas tank as a joke....that truck is now known as Optimus Prime.
The entire movie of "Anaconda" was recorded inside Chuck Norris' pants
Chuck Norris once killed 37 terrorists with only 2 bullets....the first bullet was a warning shot.
Chuck Norris doesn't scroll with a mouse. He uses a lion.
Chuck Norris doesn't flush the toilet, he scares the sh*t out of it
Chuck Norris's e-mail adress is Yahoo@ChuckNorris.com
Chuck Norris can bungee jump... without a cord
Chuck Norris found the fountain of youth, but......he wasn't thirsty.
Chuck Norris got into a knife fight. The knife lost.
Chuck Norris fell off a cliff and landed at the top
Chuck Norris once did steroids, and the pills got stronger.
Guns are warned not to play with Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris made Journey stop beleiving
When Chuck Norris watches a chick flick it is considered manly
Chuck Norris once ate a bottle of sleeping pills. They made him blink.
Chuck Norris is the reason why Waldo is hiding.
Chuck Norris can punch a cyclops between the eyes.
The Universe is constantly expanding, in a futile attempt to escape from Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can dig a hole in air.
After a shower, Chuck Norris dosen't need a towel, he just tells the water to get the hell off!
Chuck Norris invented zombies so that he can kill his victims again. 
